The Existential Threat
November 9, 2016
offtopic, politics

I remember going through this during the first presidential election for which 
I was eligible to vote. I remember being certain that John Kerry would win, 
then being shocked when he lost. Yesterday's shock was bigger and more 
surreal, but I was more numb to it than I was twelve years ago. I'm still numb 
today, and I've been avoiding reading about it or even thinking about it all 
day. I watched the HBO series *Westworld* and then a James Bond movie, 
*License to Kill*. Real escapist shit. But I turned off *License to Kill* 
halfway through because I was so disgusted. It's one of my favorite Bond 
movies, but god, I bet Trump *loves* Bond movies. Jingoism and sexism and, 
often, racism all wrapped into an easily digestible medium. 

Ha! What an epiphany! This white kid has seen the light! Yeah. Or at least 
glimpsed it for a second. In middle school, to scare kids away from drinking 
alcohol, they pass around "beer goggles" that simulate the disoriented vision 
you get when you drink. They should pass around goggles for all the minorities 
in this country that are truly humiliated by the result of this election. 

It's irrational to fear an idea, in most cases. When Franklin D. Roosevelt 
spoke, "The only thing we have to fear, is fear itself," he was referring to 
the depression. I hope the jewish people in Germany didn't take it to heart. 
Nor the Japanese people in America. 

Anyway, this election's outcome represented an idea, and we should be afraid. 
Not me, no. Nor any other white males. We are granted, at birth, lifetime 
memberships to the club. We can be numb, or not. Doesn't matter for us. For 
some, though, it does matter. The actual consequences of ideas matter for 
minorities, LGBTQ's, immigrants, and women. They can't choose to be numb or 
not. The freedom of that choice is not an option. The freedom to many choices, 
for many people, is not there. It just isn't. Today, in 2016. 

For those of us who can choose, we must fight for the rights of all. I won't 
be numb anymore, and if any of you see me being numb, call me out on it. I 
deserve it, we deserve it.

